shake em up shake them up shake em up
shake them watch me break them in 1971
Harlem was the epicenter of black
culture it was really what it laughter
is today
hip-hop is it huh they start out
breakdance little about a breakdancing
um oh yeah you're stretching and mixing
ain't about doing them oh you got to
evolve with the game the music is called
trap you just got a certain swag to it
everyone's in Atlanta it's the mecca for
music as far as style and influence and
culture Atlanta's got the juice right
now this is the new melting pot it's the
new pop and scene represent self-made
Superfly is about the head fashion the
women the cause it's all the part of the
look nice Superfly but I hope y'all
don't create a whole new generation of
pimps
[Music]
got my first job when I was 11
worked every day since then one thing or
another saved studies
[Music]
I gave people jobs when there were no
jobs
move the operation from my living room
to the church basement from there to an
old garage now I got operations all over
the city isn't that what the American
Dream is all about
when it comes easy keeping it to talk
I will never stop the motor no car can
outrun feet
if you can play the game by your own
rules and win
that's Superfly yo Marco
[Music]
come on let's take a drive